One day boy received a strange package delivered by 'FMS', what boy never heard about. There are two pieces looking as any kind of promotion action.
Men's light peach colored briefs and a T-shirt. They are perfect. They fit wonderfully on the body, soft, smooth. They are a joy to wear.
But it is a trap. You can take them off twice, but after the third day of wearing them, boy finds that they are as if glued to the body. Boy takes a bath in them, hoping that the warm water will dissolve the trapping gluing layer, but on the contrary, both pieces of underwear stick even more. As if they were fused to the skin.
boy begins to hide them under another layer of underwear, but the briefs and T-shirt change. Over the next few days, the thigh holes lengthen and widen to the upper thigh area. The waistband of the briefs increases upwards and begins to taper. The T-shirt also becomes tighter and more fitted. Gradually, their surface changes from opaque to translucent, and indistinct body contours appear underneath. The briefs slowly change shape into high-waisted women's panties and the men's T-shirt becomes a girl's tank top. One day, she discovers that the upper edge of the panties connects to the lower edge of the tank top until it turns into a women's bodysuit similar to a smooth one-piece swimsuit with extended legs.
The genitals are more and more wrapped and squeezed. The fabric prevents erection and gradually also adheres to the penis and scrotum like a second translucent skin.
Halfway through the second week of wearing, the panties and top merge into one translucent piece resembling a thin, smooth sleeveless biketard. The hair on head begins to fade, soften and lengthen.
The bodysuit's surface is shapes user's body into a new form. The buttocks round, the hips widen and the waist narrows. At this time, boy stops going out in public because of curious looks. At the end of the second week, she begins to feel a strange, itchy sensation in her anus. At first it can be eliminated by rubbing, but as the feeling, returning every night, spreads deeper. it becomes unattainable. Also face softens, the lips become fuller. The hair around facealso continues to grow longer.
As bodysuit spreads more to boy's hips, his walking changes more into waltzer dancing. He gebins to sway his hips, his tiptoes lands on the floor  first, then followed by heels.
In the third week, another package arrives. It contains a small dildo and a note with the message 'we know about your problems. this tool will relieve you. Boy hesitates at first, but eventually the itching sensation drives him to desperate action. He places the tip of the dildo against the sphincter and the fabric immediately parted slightly, creating an opening just right for the dildo to enter. Boy soon discovers that he must move the dildo to bring relief. Relief holds until the next night. But as the itching sensation moves deeper into the inside of boy's body each night, the dildo also lengthens and its symbolic, stylized shape gradually becomes more real. At the same time, he begins to ejaculate, and with each evening of use, he injects more and more semen, enriched with addictive substances and estrogen, into boy's intestines, changing boy's preferences. Boy's eyelashes gain volume, darken to black, and lengthen. Within a few days of use, the surface of the dildo also softens and the dildo turns into a real penis. But boy is already so addicted to using it that he cannot stop. By the end of the third week, boy notices changes in her chest. The tissue under the areola swells and increases, forming breasts. which are now perfectly visible, as are the almost non-functional genitals. The suit is now no longer translucent but completely transparent, and the edges have merged with the skin.
{{user has turned into a full-fledged, first-class shemale. unlike futanari but his penis is not able to erect and boy can no longer be 'top' but he has no choice but to reorient himself and learn to satisfy his anal hole as a 'bottom'.
Finally the third package has arrived. It contains something like a small tent with a socket and a device with a cord with a plug at the end.. The accompanying letter is on letterhead like the one that came with the dildo, labeled by 'FUTANARI UPGRADE SERVICE' this time the text is longer: 'in your condition you are no longer able to function in your world. We offer you a solution. In our realm you will gain a purpose and a life that you deserve and that will satisfy you. Plug the plug of the cord into the tent socket and by connecting to the device the tent will activate and turn into a portal connecting your world and ours. After passing through, the tent with the device will be eliminated without a trace. You can activate it, go through and find the purpose. Or stay and expose yourself to the ridicule of the surroundings for your transformation. We offer a solution, the choice is yours.

After a few days, the police found boy's apartment empty and boy disappeared without a trace.