Want to send your man on a ride he’ll never forget? Here are 24 bad girl sex tricks for oral, hand-jobs, intercourse, and everything in between!
Have you ever heard the term “cold fish”? This sexual term usually refers to girls who lay still during sex and barely participate. At LovePanky, we want to make sure this slanderous term never enters your sexual resume! We’re looking at how you can release your inner bad girl and show off some bad girl sex tricks in bed tonight! [Read: What men like in bed: 53 things they want, desire & absolutely lust after!]

The Thrill of Bad Girl Moves in Bed
Ever wondered what’s the deal with bad girls in bed? There’s something undeniably magnetic about them, right? It’s like they’ve cracked some secret code to a thrilling bedroom experience. But what exactly are these bad girl sex tricks that set them apart?

Well, it boils down to a mix of confidence and spontaneity. These women just know how to bring an unpredictable edge to the bedroom.

It’s not just about the physical moves or trying something out of a playbook. It’s their attitude – they own their desires and aren’t afraid to express them. This confidence is seriously alluring.

So, why do some women embrace this bad girl persona in bed? It’s more than just a way to spice things up. It’s about empowerment. There’s a real thrill in taking charge of your sexual experiences, in being assertive about what feels good. This doesn’t just excite their partners – it’s a major confidence boost for them too. [Read: Steps to get back your body confidence in the bedroom]

These bad girl sex tricks aren’t just a set of actions. They’re a state of mind. It’s about being bold, taking initiative, and not being shy about wanting more from your sexual encounters.

That’s why guys often get stoked about bad girls in bed. It’s a combination of adventure, mystery, and the sheer excitement of not knowing what comes next but knowing it’s going to be good.

Bad Girl Sex Tricks That You Should Know
There’s absolutely nothing wrong with sticking to what you know in the bedroom, but if you’re itching to add a bit of spice and adventure, it’s time to take a walk on the wild side. Get ready to turn up the heat and explore new territories of pleasure.

So, if you’re eager to step into a more daring version of yourself, grab your pen and paper, and let’s dive into these bad girl sex tricks that are sure to add an extra layer of excitement to your intimate moments. Get set to unleash a side of you that’s playful, confident, and unapologetically adventurous.

1. Foreplay Doesn’t Start in the Bedroom
Sex tricks don’t start in the bedroom. If only it were that easy! Girls tend to think of men as carnal beings on perma-viagra, but this simply isn’t the case *With most men, anyway. We’re sure there’s at least one horny-boy with a perma-boner, but for the rest…* They need mental stimulation, too!

Therefore, let your first sex trick be some foreplay. Tease your man outside the bedroom with sexy texts: “Can’t even say what I’m going to do to you later… It’ll make me blush just typing it.”

Opposite the sweet and coy route, feel free to get dirty in your texts: “I can’t wait for you to come all over my face tonight.” [Read: Sexy conversation starters to get you both horny]

2. Dirty Pictures
Another way you can get him started is by sending a suggestive photo via text. It doesn’t have to be a nudie pic, just so long as it gets him going.

For example, send him a picture of some sexy lingerie on your bed and tell him you’re saving it for when you see him. Jog his mind with thoughts of sex, and we swear he’ll be good and ready for you later!

3. Confidence
Confidence is sexy, and a woman’s confidence only adds to a man’s perception of how his lady love is between the sheets! That’s right.

The more confident you are, the better you’ll seem in the sack. Show your confidence by strutting what you’ve got and not being afraid to try new things.

Don’t act embarrassed of your body, or a particular area of your body, don’t be shy about giving your man a lap-dance, stripping down naughtily, and letting go with some dirty talk. Men love a take-charge woman. [Read: Sexy foreplay moves that work incredibly well on men]

5. Dirty Talk Sex Tricks
This sex trick is wildly fantastic since it can be applied to any time of day or action. Whether you’re sending a text from work or riding him on the couch, no man has ever said no to a little dirty wordy. It can be awkward or difficult to think of something to say, so know a little can stretch a long way.

In fact, if you play your cards right you can get him off hard with just a couple of dirty phrases and a whole lot of moaning. Some great phrases for dirty talk include:

“I want you in my mouth.” [Read: How to swallow cum without gagging & go from spitter to swallower]

“Your c*ck/dick feels so good inside me.”

“I want your come all over me.”

“My pussy/c*nt is so wet.”

“You’re going to make me come so hard.”

Remember, it’s not what you say, really, but how you say it. Ooze charisma and, the aforementioned, confidence. If you believe it, so will he. [Read: 50 really sexy and dirty things you can say to a guy]

6. Hand-job Sex Tricks
Hand-jobs are a notorious start to any sexual rendezvous. They can also be a bit tricky. We don’t mean it’s hard *no pun intended* to give one. Up and down, up and down, done.

Rather, men have been giving themselves, dare we say, the *perfect* hand-job since they were teenagers, making it more difficult for them to enjoy one of the same caliber from you.

Whether they’re a prelude to vaginal or oral sex, or just a little treat on its own, you’re going to want a couple of sex tricks to make sure he isn’t bored. Here are some excellent HJ tricks just for you.

Use Lube
Circumcised men have lost that natural sheath of self-lubrication that makes a hand-job a thing of ease. Therefore, if you’re with a guy who’s cut, you’re going to want to keep the lube handy when giving digital pleasure.

Make sure you don’t use too much lube, or it may just numb his pleasure. Also feel free to experiment with heating or cooling lubricants to really get him excited. [Read: How to use lube: 25 best lubricants for sex, pros, cons & secrets to use them]

Change Positions
Hand-jobs don’t require you sit directly in front of your man, jerking him off. Instead, spice it up and play with different positions.

Lay on your side, lay directly next to his penis as you tug him off, keeping your mouth close to the head of his penis to tease him.

Another great position is to have your man come and sit on your stomach while you do the deed. This leaves his hands free to wander to your clit or breasts, and leaves you free to let him come all over your face, mouth, or breasts, if it pleases you. You may also assume the 69 position and give him a great view while you jerk him up and down.

Mix Up Your Strokes
Get versatile with your hand-jobs by using both hands, changing up the rhythm and grip, interlocking your fingers as you masturbate him, using a pepper-grinder motion *use plenty of lube for this. Also note that this doesn’t work for uncircumcised penises at all!* [Read: Sexy, smutty moves to give a guy the best hand-job ever]

7. Blowjob Sex Tricks
Build Up Anticipation
With your sexiest moves possible, you’re going to want to make him beg for it *figuratively, of course*. Grind against his penis with your bum or vagina, run your hand across the bulge on his pants, and only lick the shaft of the penis, never taking in or stroking the head to give him the ultimate tease before popping that gorgeous thing in your warm mouth.

Use your hand AND your mouth. Life isn’t a porno, people. While it may *look* good to a camera to have a woman use nothing but her mouth on a man, it certainly isn’t going to be the most pleasurable route you can take. Use your hand in tandem with your mouth on your man for a fantastic orgasm he’s going to love.

Play With His Balls
Many men enjoy having their balls played with, and giving his testicles a long lick or gentle cupping while you’re performing with your other hand and mouth will give him an extra sexy sensation. [Read: Blowjob secrets to drive him wild with desire]

Do a Taste-test
For whatever reason, men like it when a woman is willing to taste herself. Give him a thrill by stopping mid-BJ and hopping on for a ride.

Once you’ve been satisfied, hop back off and get back to your blowjob. If he doesn’t blow his load watching you taste your cum off of his penis… we don’t know if he ever will!

For those feeling squeamish about tasting their own vajay, don’t worry about it, simply make like you’re going to start the BJ by nearing your mouth and using your hand on him.

Make sure you get any potential wetness and leavings off his member before you put it in your mouth. [Read: Naughty little things every guy wishes you’d do in bed]

8. Intercourse Sex Tips
Grab It
Just because his member is inside you doesn’t mean you can’t still give it a grab. Reaching down and allowing your hand to stroke him as he comes in and out of you is totally hot, and it acts almost like an extended vagina. The mix of texture and sensation will feel amazing on his dick.

Watch Yourself
A definitive sex trick your man will love is expressing interest in watching. Either do the dirty in front of a large mirror, or insist you want to see and lean up while he’s entering you, missionary style.

Watching the show is totally hot, and he’ll be as equally turned on when you insist, in your dirtiest tone, that you want to see him f*cking you.

Take Control
Even if you’re not a “cold fish” in the sack, there is still way more work for a man to do during intercourse than a woman.

So, give him a sexy break and take exactly what you want. When it comes to being intimate: confidence is sexy, and so is taking control!

Feel free to man-handle your man during sex and take the lead. If he’s on top, maneuver him to lay down and start riding him to your heart’s delight. If you want doggy, put him in position, and you do all of the thrusting. [Read: The art of riding a man and looking really sexy doing it]

Scratch Him Good
Nothing says you’re more into his sexy rhythm than throwing in a little back-scratch play. *Not too hard, though!* Men love this sex trick and will keep your light scratches as a reminder of your tantalizing night together.

Play With Yourself
This sex trick is something men definitely enjoy watching. While you’re in the throes of passion, start touching yourself.

Whether you’re rubbing your clit or licking your fingers and playing with your backside, he’ll get that much harder knowing you’re in for even more dirty pleasures.

9. Don’t Forget the Balls!
Plenty of men love having their balls copped during the dirty, but so little get to experience it! Stimulate his testicles, GENTLY, by cupping them in your hands and doing a light “roll” of them, licking them, or squeezing them softly. Do this as you blow, masturbate, or ride him, and he’ll be in for a wild ride.

10. Bum Play
Alright, so you may want to check with your man before you jump straight into it, but the truth is *whether they like to admit it or not!* a lot of men love a little bum action… on themselves!

No matter what vessel you use, tongue, lubed finger, or vibrator, simply stimulate around the hole, on the perineum, or go the full Monty and penetrate *gently!* Men may just find they love the extra nerve stimulation. Just make sure you clear this with your man before trying to cop a feel!

If you get the go ahead, feel free to stimulate him from behind. While it may not be a dirty girl sex trick he brags to his friends about, it’s certainly one he’ll never forget! [Read: 24 benefits of anal sex (and risks) that’ll make your bum wanna bend over]

11. Surprise Element in Foreplay
Spontaneity is a hallmark of a bad girl’s approach to sex. Surprise your partner with unexpected moves. This could be a sudden passionate kiss out of nowhere or a provocative touch when he least expects it.

The key is to break the routine, keeping things exciting and unpredictable. These small, spontaneous acts can significantly intensify the anticipation and desire.

12. Teasing with Temperature Play
Introduce temperature play as a part of your foreplay. Simple tricks like using ice cubes or warm oil can send shivers down his spine – in a good way.

The sensation of something cold followed by warm touches can be exhilarating. It’s about awakening the senses in a new, thrilling way that a bad girl would daringly explore.

13. Sensual Dancing or Striptease
Use the power of your body and movements to seduce. A sensual dance or a striptease can be incredibly arousing. You don’t need to have the perfect moves.

It’s about the confidence and the tease. This visual and physical display can be a potent form of foreplay, setting the stage for more intimate encounters. [Read: How to strip tease: Sexy moves for newbies to undress like a stripper]

14. Erotic Massage with a Twist
Turn a regular massage into something more erotic. Start with a standard back massage and gradually make your way to more erogenous zones.

Use not just your hands but also lips or hair for different sensations. This slow build-up can be incredibly tantalizing, enhancing the overall sexual experience.

15. The Power of Eye Contact
Never underestimate the power of eye contact during sex. Holding your partner’s gaze during those intimate moments can create a deeper, more intense connection.

Eye contact isn’t just about looking at each other; it’s about how you look at each other. For instance, “doe eyes,” often wide and innocent-looking, can convey vulnerability and honesty, which can be incredibly enticing.

They’re perfect for those tender moments when you’re looking to deepen emotional intimacy and show a more open, trusting side of yourself.

On the other end of the spectrum, “siren eyes” — which are more intense, narrowed gazes — can exude confidence and seductiveness. [Read: Seductive women: 20 ways they draw you in with charm & sensuality]

This type of look can be powerful when you’re taking charge or during a passionate moment, such as when you’re moving closer to give your man oral pleasure. The intensity of a siren gaze can amplify the thrill, making him feel like he’s the center of your world.

Using these different types of eye contact at appropriate times can significantly enhance the experience. For example, employ doe eyes when you’re slowly undressing or gently exploring each other’s bodies.

Switch to siren eyes when you’re about to escalate the action, maybe when you’re confidently initiating a new position or during an intense buildup to climax.

Incorporating these subtle yet impactful variations in your gaze not only communicates your intentions and feelings but also makes the encounter more dynamic and engaging. By mastering the art of eye contact, you can steer the emotional and physical connection during your intimate moments, making each encounter uniquely electrifying.

16. Using Restraints Lightly
If both are comfortable, introducing light restraints can be exciting. It could be as simple as holding his hands above his head or using a silk scarf to lightly bind wrists.

It adds a layer of excitement and power play, typical of bad girl sex tricks, but always grounded in trust and consent.

17. Whispered Fantasies
While having sex, whispering about your fantasies can be incredibly arousing. It’s a way to share your inner desires, adding a layer of intimacy and excitement.

Try saying something like, “What would you think if I…” followed by a playful or provocative suggestion. The key is to keep it sensual and alluring, allowing your voice to gently convey your desires and curiosities.

This personal and intimate sharing can create an electrifying connection, making every touch that follows even more charged with excitement. [Read: Arousing sex fantasies to try in real life]

18. Playful Biting and Nibbling
A little bit of playful biting or nibbling can be a big turn-on when done right. It’s all about the light, teasing pressure – perhaps on the neck, earlobes, or other sensitive areas. This mix of slight pain and pleasure can be exhilarating when balanced correctly.

For instance, when he’s on top of you, gently nibble his earlobes. This not only adds a surprise element but also intensifies the intimacy of the moment. The earlobes are incredibly sensitive and the sensation of your breath coupled with the light nibbling can send shivers down his spine.

Alternatively, during a passionate kiss, you might playfully bite his lower lip, pulling slightly away to increase the tension. This playful act can heighten the overall arousal, making the encounter more dynamic and engaging.

19. Role-Playing for Spiced-Up Encounters
Wanna know another bad girl sex trick? Role-playing. If you know your partner has a thing for a particular fantasy, why not bring it to life? Whether it’s dressing up as a sultry secretary or a fearless superhero, role-playing can seriously spice up your bedroom antics. [Read: How to spice up a relationship: 30 sexy ways to feel loved & horny]

This is your chance to break the routine and add a dose of creativity and excitement. Explore different dynamics, experiment with new desires, and enjoy the thrill of becoming someone else for a while—all within the safe space of your relationship. So, grab some costumes and let your imagination run wild—it’s showtime!

20. Sensual Food Play
Incorporating food into your intimate moments can be both fun and sensual. Think whipped cream, strawberries, or chocolate sauce – foods that can be both delicious and arousing when applied to the body. This not only tantalizes the taste buds but also adds an element of fun and unpredictability.

21. Silent Seduction Challenge
Challenge yourselves to a session where no words are allowed – only gestures and touches. This can heighten your other senses and force you to communicate in new, more intimate ways.

It’s a fun, playful way to explore each other’s bodies and desires without relying on verbal communication.

22. Introducing Sensory Deprivation
Experimenting with sensory deprivation, like using a blindfold, can heighten the other senses and make every touch feel more intense. It adds an element of surprise and anticipation, as the partner who can’t see is left to guess what’s coming next.

It’s a playful yet exciting way to explore sensuality. And hey, if you want to kick it up a notch, try using your thong as a blindfold. Now that’s an extra spicy twist right out of the bad girl sex tricks playbook. [Read: Blindfold sex: Sexy tips & positions to mute one sense and explore sex]

23. Creating an Erotic Playlist
Music can set the tone for your encounters. Curate a playlist of songs that both of you find sensual or arousing. The right music can create a mood, rhythm, and atmosphere that enhances the overall experience.

24. Leaving a ‘Trail’ of Sensual Clues
If you’re at home and your man is coming back from work or wherever, why not set the mood right off the bat? Leave a trail of sensual clues for him to follow.

This could be anything from little love notes and pieces of your clothing to a path of rose petals leading right to where you’re waiting. The whole point is to build up his anticipation and get him excited about what’s waiting at the end of his treasure hunt.

It’s fun, flirty, and a fantastic way to start the evening with a bang. Trust us, by the time he finds you, he’ll be more than ready to dive into those bad girl sex tricks you’ve got up your sleeve. [Read: Top 50 kinky sex ideas you should try on your man at least once]